Ji Yanxi
You thought I was poor
I think I'm hurt
Abandon me leave
Now you're sneaking into my bed again
The money in this card
Consider it payment for last night
how
Too little?
Ji Yanxi
That's all you're worth
This is still my opinion on our previous love
Give more
Huo Zeyuan
Don't you forget.
It was you who held my hand last night
Tell me Xiaoxi don't go
You deserve both acting and acting
Sure enough, he called Xiaoxi last night.
What are you doing standing in the west of Photography City?
No, take the money and get out
Why did Qin Yanxi come out of Zeyuan's room?
Sure enough, he came back this time
Just to seduce my grandfather
Your daughter is back.
And he's super rich now
Is it enough to pay off the debt you owe before?